Bigger Ben struck noon. The harmonic chimes drifted into my room echoing around the cavernous space. The sound bounced off the 100-foot high ceilings, the marble archways, and the polished floors. Instead of twelve, I heard hundreds of progressively muted chimes, eventually, so quiet and feeble that their initial brazen quest to escape from my room turned into a subdued and resentful death.
 The noon chimes, having finally faded to nothing, left me alone with my thoughts. I glanced around. Authentic art from the last decade of Earth was hung on the walls in gold frames. We imported the best of the most recent Earth-decade each month. In fact, everything on Disk was imported. Take Bigger Ben, a replica three times the size of London’s Big Ben. We imported that when I was five.
My thoughts were broken by the sound of my father’s rumbling laughter as he escorted Pablo Feducci, the architect that I would be working with today, into my room. A few feet from my desk, Pablo was released from the unintentional vice of my father’s bulging arm that was amiably wrapped around his shoulder.
Free to move again, Pablo dropped a cheaply plastered smile off his face with a one last laugh. “Hah, Theo, you are right. Hawaii really has taken a turn for the worse. Considering the recent climate shift on Earth, anyone who doesn’t choose to fast forward through September to May is crazy.” As he said this, Pablo carefully smoothed his black V-neck sweater and white slacks.
Pablo nodded at me, opened up his briefcase, turned on the hologram, and began swiping his hands through his blueprints.
Today I get to design my own beach resort. A 21st birthday present from my father - an extravagant present even in Disk standards. Usually coming of age will get you a few dozen of the most expensive hovercraft, some 5,000 year old wine (they say only one in a million bottles at that age is even drinkable), and a night with a supermodel from Earth (just good company to enjoy the wine with, of course). Well, I guess the beach resort is a bonus - I’m sure my father will give me all those other things, too. As a direct decedent of Leonard Skinsky – the man who figured out the physics to get Disk into orbit 400,000,000 miles per hour faster than Earth - my father certainly had plenty of A-Time to spend.
It was easy to tell Pablo wasn’t born on Disk. He wasn’t wearing a robe, and kept a trim cut goatee that contrasted sharply with the long graying beard of my father. Of course, he could have been a druggie, but as he stood over the hologram, his fingers dancing through the light with the refined elegance of a harpist, it was clear that he was not throttling his mental capacities in any way.
My father turned to me. “Aiden, I have placed a 5 million man-hour cap on this project. But if that isn’t enough, I’m sure I could make some additional allowances.”
It is understandable why my father is giving me a beach resort. I loved going down to Hawaii as a kid. I felt so small next to the ocean. It was no longer just a drop of blue thousands of miles away, but an immense, breathing being. But, even the ocean couldn’t compete with the sound of laughter that danced around that magical island. People laughing under the orange glow of torch light, people laughing in restaurants, and people laughing just for the sake of laughing.
My father continued, “Remember, if we keep it under 5 million, allotting two days for the poor shipping time of late, we will have it appended to the Disk in two weeks.”
It was dangerous to spend too much time decelerated on Hawaii. And it was irresponsible. We have a duty to guide those laughing people on Earth - to not age in their eyes so as to give them a dream of immortality. Or at least this is what my father said that day in Hawaii when he noticed the look in my eye – the look of happiness. In that moment, he knew I could never go back. On my 21st birthday, with the knowledge that I now had the right to return to Hawaii without his permission, my father thought if he could bring a piece up to me, I would stay on Disk. But, I knew it wouldn’t work.
Things just aren’t the same on our floating island.
“Anything you want. Anything at all. Earth is yours. Just ask my buddy Pablo here, and he will whip it up faster-” My father was about to humorously thump Pablo’s shoulder when he noticed a cigar clamped in Pablo’s mouth. “Excuse, me.” My father strode out of the room pulling the shoulder strap of his robe over his mouth.
“Jeez, Pablo.” A smile crossed my face for the first time that day. “My father is going to have to spend the next two days in a room full of air imported from the Alps to get that smoke out of his lungs.”
Pablo grunted as the hologram flashed. “Cigar?”
“Please.”
Still staring at the hologram he addressed me. “You look just like your father, you know? Nice cut on that robe.”
I glanced down at the ceremonial robe I was wearing. That’s another thing I missed from Hawaii, the feeling of a t-shirt and shorts. But such clothing wasn’t fitting for a young god in my father’s house.
Finally stepping back from the hologram, Pablo stroked his goatee, set his cigar down on the table, and slowly rotated the hologram of my new house. “I designed a 144-floor tri-scraper. Constructed in three spears. One white marble, the second grey granite, and the third blue titanium. In the middle there will be a five acre white sand beach, populated with authentic palm trees from Hawaii. Would you like a swimming pool, Aiden?”
“Uh, sure.”
 “Do you surf? I can install a wave generator. Eight foot swells every three minutes. It would only be a few hundred man hours extra.”
I puffed my cigar and nodded. Out the window the hologram was displaying a beautiful blue-skied afternoon with splotches of big white clouds rendered by the sloppy hand of a god.
“You still have a million man hours left, Aiden. Anything strike your fancy?”
“What difference does it make Pablo – I’m never going to use this thing anyway. What the hell, though. Let’s see… coat one of the skyscrapers with diamonds. Oh, and fill up the granite one with robotic clowns.  And give me a damn aquarium under the pool. With great white sharks and dolphins. And toss in one of those blubbery animals with tusks... what are they called...”
“A walrus, sir?”
“Yeah, give me the fattest walrus on Earth.”
Pablo’s eyes sparkled. “Of course, Aiden. Your order will be placed tonight.”  Pablo went back to work. We both smoked our cigars, the smoke oddly hanging over my desk. It seemed to be afraid to diffuse into the empty void of my room.
“Do you miss Earth, Pablo?”
“Earth is just a floating rock. Not that different from Disk. You know even the earth is moving at 1,000,000 MPH through space? Nothing compared to the 5,000,000 MPH of Disk, but still pretty remarkable.”
There was a pause before he continued. “But, yes, I miss the people. I’m here because I aced the Advanced Intelligence test. I was a hero on Earth. To turn down a chance to walk with the gods would not be permissible. So I accepted a year of education on Disk.”
“Why don’t you just go back?”
“I miss the people. After a year on Disk those people were dead, Aiden.”

* * *
I had a photo-shoot to get my Shuttle ID in a couple of hours. To pass the time, I walked to my father’s car garage and looked over the immense fleet of hovercraft. Like our artwork, we imported the best designs from the last decade of Earth time every month. Yet, when my father did venture from our property he never took a sport craft. He preferred to drive the Honda hovervan. It had a five star crash rating.
I jumped into my father’s Porsche, turned on the engine, and felt the powerful magnetic hum as I was lifted off the ground. I hit the accelerator. Time and air flew past me at a comfortable fifty feet above Disk. I flew past men playing golf in their robes. I flew past giant mansions afraid of death. And I flew past men, sitting on hills naked, doing drugs. Always men. Women could only visit Disk; only men could be gods. Occasionally, I would zip by a transport truck, probably carrying a ten-course meal to one of those lonely mansions, ordered a few minutes ago, and prepared on Earth.
By the time I am forty, I will have outlived forty generations of Earthers. By the time I am forty, I wonder if I will have done anything? My impotent power annoyed me. With a sudden anger, I pressed down on the accelerometer. 100, 200, 400, 800. The digits kept climbing. The thrill of acceleration made me chuckle – maybe if I drove this Porsche long enough by the time I got back my father he would be too old to remember.
I never understood this special relativity nonsense. They said it was the act of acceleration and deceleration that really changed time. It all started with one of Albert Einstein’s theories. Send one of two twins off in space near the speed of light, and by the time he returns from a trip he felt took one year, his earthbound brother will be fifty years the travelling twins senior.
So, they built a flying rock that moved near the speed of light around Earth. Close enough that they could decelerate down to Earth and visit our Earthbound twins aging at more than 100 times our rate. To them we would be gods.
The acceleration back to Disk was highly restricted costing 100 days of Acceleration Time, or A-Time. We had a few Earthers each week who get to come to Disk for passing the AI test for one year of mandatory education. After, they could return to Earth or stay on Disk. They always stayed on Disk.
 There was once a 105 year old construction worker who saved enough A-Time from his job to afford a day on Disk a couple years ago, but I hear that it is a one in million chance that a menial laborer could ever save up enough A-Time to reach our disk. When he got here, he climbed to the top of Bigger Ben and jumped.
After that incident my Father persuaded the Council of Economic Stability to cut wages.
I saw the cliff approaching. I pressed down on the accelerator and heard the engine straining, but I felt my hovercraft slow down as the magnetic force of the hologram pushed back on the car. Giving up, I parked the hovercraft, walked to the edge of Disk and looked down. The earth looked beautiful, a blue and green ball spinning very slowly in the black blanket of space. It was fake, of course. Without the hologram, at our speed, all we would see was a streak of blue light. I reached out one of my fingers to touch the hologram, to try to touch Earth, but like the car, my finger was pushed back.  I took a few steps back and ran full speed at the hologram. I jumped. I briefly floated in the air, before being repelled backwards, landing with a thump on the ground. I dusted myself off swearing.

At my photo-shoot three cameras floated around me as I held my arms out. I was getting annoyed. The pictures, in addition to being a hologram on my ID, would serve as a 3-D model for statues of me to be built on Earth. But I just wanted my ID. A rotund lady with pink hair and hundreds of facial piercings told me to smile. I scowled at her.
“Dear, dear, dear… Honey, that’s not very godlike.” Her piercings glittered like a hundred baubles.
“Oh sorry… Donita,” my eyes darting down to her bronze nametag. Bronze meant she could spend under an hour each day on Disk. She probably was the engineer of these cameras. Just enough A-Time to take our pictures – and be a few weeks younger than all her friends back on Earth. “Is this better?” My lips formed a snarky smile, and I curled onto one knee flexing my muscles in the pose of the Thinker.
“Oh, yes! Just delightful!” The three cameras buzzed around clicking furiously.
Carrying my newly minted Shuttle ID, I drove to the transport station. The holographic sun was setting in a hazy red, behind the holographic clouds.
 Like always, a stream of Jumpers were exiting an acceleration shuttle. They walked single file, holding their black briefcases, dressed in their black suits, wearing their small black sunglasses. They were off to the barracks to sleep. Overnight their suits would turn white again and the next day would return to Earth to act as the gods’ fist of justice.
I shivered thinking of what Pablo said. They had no home. But they did have more than Pablo. They had each other.
I hailed a deceleration pod. A dark-skinned man with a gaunt face opened the door. With a beaming smile, “Ya, man! Master Aiden!?  Appy Birtday. Where you be going to? Hawaii? Bahamas? Or a trip ta Mauritius?”
“Hawaii.”
* * *

I slept by the ocean the night I arrived. It was the happiest I felt in a long time.

 When I woke up there was a circle of Jumpers in gray suits, backs turned to me. Every so often one would take a glance at me and whisper in his microphone. With a sudden jolt of Adrenaline, I jumped up and barged my way through them. They jogged behind me leaving a hundred foot gap, whispering heatedly into their microphones.
   I didn’t remember the Jumpers from my childhood visit. But, I knew that this was standard. If an Earther were able to cause a visiting god physical harm the whole idea of our godliness would fall apart.
   I knew I had to lose the Jumpers. I wanted to laugh with the people on the island, and with the Jumpers trailing me like a group of graying sheep that wasn’t going to happen. I stopped into a store - the Jumpers waiting outside - and bought some loose cargo shorts, a colorful T-Shirt, and large aviator sunglasses. Then, I hired a cab driver to circle around the Earth for a week while I grew out a goatee like Pablo. By the time we landed again, I looked like a new person.

There were no Jumpers near me when I woke up on the beach that morning.
Later that day, I went to a hotel lobby, sitting in a cozy leather chair and listening to the conversations around me.
   Around noon, I heard raised voices so different from the usual carefree happiness of the island. There was a short woman in her twenties, with blonde shoulder length hair, arguing with the receptionist.
“You said the hotels were a hundredth of a day per night! I only have five hundredths to my name.”
The nasally voice of the receptionist replied, “Mam, the rates were doubled on Monday. We sent a notice to all our customers.”
The woman’s voice cracked. “I’m just a mine worker. Please, I don’t have the A-time.”
 “I’m sorry. The council has placed strict requirements on any inflationary actions.”
The woman was crying now. Everyone in the lobby looked away. The hotel became deathly quiet except for slosh of a mop of a janitor cleaning the floors.
The receptionist nodded to a Jumper. I saw the Jumper’s hand reach to a computer on his belt. They used those to terminate dangerous Earthers. I couldn’t believe this was considered dangerous.
   “Oh!” I yelled jumping out of the chair. “There you are, honey. What did I tell you about checking out without me? My gods, these hotels are so stingy these days. Can’t even wait ten minutes for someone’s husband to show up with more A-Time.”
“Swipe my card, and take an hour to tip that janitor over there. He is doing a damn fine job, unlike the rest of this establishment.” The jumper and receptionist gave me a strange look. Thankfully the transaction was accepted. The amount was too small to have to be approved by the council.
I held the woman’s hand as we left the hotel lobby. It was weird to be touching another human, let alone a female. To my disappointment, as soon as we were outside, she yanked her hand free.
“What the hell was that?” Her deep blue eyes were tearing up even more than in the hotel.
“Excuse, me?”
“Who do you think you are to just barge in, and pay A-Time for me?”
“They were going to kill you!”
“Maybe I wanted to die.” Her hands were now on her hips.
“Oh, so you are druggie?”
“A what? Are you dense? How would I afford drugs? If I couldn’t afford a week in Hawaii?”
I was very confused. The only people on Disk who wanted to die were the druggies. Everyone else was like my father, so concerned about his health, in order to live as a god as long as possible, that one breath of second hand smoke would send him scrambling. I decided to change the topic.
“What’s your name?”
 “Sarah.”
“I’m… Alex,” I lied. She looked beautiful in the afternoon light, the tears drying on her round cheeks. I took her hand again. Strangely, she let me keep it this time.  “Let me show you something.”
I took her to the ocean. “Isn’t it amazing?”
She was quiet. “It’s just the ocean, Alex”.
“Stick your feet into the water, and dig your toes into the sand.”
The sun was setting over the water. Sarah stared off into the distance.
It was exhilarating to sit next to Sarah. Her breath was was rhythmic like the waves. I talked about Hawaii, and how wonderful I thought it was. She was quiet. Every so often she would smile. Her eyes smiled too.
Eventually Sarah spoke up, “Do you know what it is like to have everyone you love die?”
I paused. Apart from the druggies, gods didn’t socialize that much on Disk. I never even met my mom – she was a model from Earth I hear - and I only saw my father every couple of weeks.
“No, I don’t. I don’t have many friends, actually.”
Sarah laughed sarcastically. “That’s the way those stupid gods want it. Make enough money to try to spend a bit of time on Disk. If from some miracle you do save enough, by the time you return you have no friends.”
“Stupid gods? What, without them we would have no hope for immortality! They give our life meaning-” I stopped talking realizing I sounded just like my father fifteen years ago.
Sarah looked dumbstruck. “Take off your glasses,” she whispered.
A worried crossed my face. She suddenly reached up and pulled them off.
In horror she said, “I know you! You’re god Aiden.” She coughed the word god out. “This is the month of your 21st birthday!”
“Okay, you got me. I’m sorry.” I raised my hands jokingly. “Don’t feel bad about mistaking me – I’m just trying to blend in. I just wanted to get to know you naturally. I didn’t want you to become all superficial to just get in bed with me like most Earthers do.” Of course, I was just trying to blend in to enjoy the liveliness of the island, but I figured this was a natural response based on many conversations I overhead on the golf course with white robed men talking about their escapades on Earth.
“Sleep with you! With one of you filthy things! You are disgusting! The only Earther that would sleep with a god is one held at switch point.” She stood up; I watched her toes wiggle to remove the sand between them. “Why would you save me? You have no trouble killing us every day with your ridiculous requests.”
“What do you mean? I don’t kill Earthers!”
 “Let me show you something. And put those glasses back on.” She took me to the bus station. We hopped in a hoverbus that flew over the ocean and back to San Francisco, where Sarah lived.
* * *
In San Francisco, a perpetual gray rain fell from the sky, obscuring the top of the skyscrapers. Hundreds of robots carrying surveillance cameras flew low overhead. Some carried electronic signs: “Have you prayed to your gods today?” Other signs flashed “Repent”.
I saw a moving statue of my father in the middle of the street. He had a huge smile on his face. A group of Jumpers stood near the statue. Everyone who passed by the statue kneeled before it. Some would sneak a nervous glance at the Jumpers before standing up and continuing walking, heads down.
Sarah spoke, waving her hands. “This is Earth. You have probably only ever been to one of the three islands. They left those so you ‘gods’ would have somewhere nice to spend time on their tours to Earth.”
“Five thousand years ago all of Earth used to be nice like Hawaii. But, once it became clear that Earthers weren’t going to sincerely worship that group of condescending men who migrated to Disk, they decided to make us into a pure labor source. Of course, they still want to pretend like we love them. That’s what those guys are for.” She nodded towards the Jumpers.
“Everyone knows that A-Time is worthless besides for saving enough for an occasional trip to Hawaii to enjoy the sun. And even that is becoming harder to afford. No, the only real way to get to Disk is passing the AI test. But the whole point of the AI test is to isolate anyone with enough genius to come up with an invention to break the status quo. The saddest thing is that life is so miserable here that anyone who passes the AI test jumps at the opportunity to go to Disk.”
We walked by the statue, and bowed. Sarah kissed the giant toe of my father, and winked at me. I looked disgusted.
As we walked the dirty streets no one looked at us. The sound of the city was just as polluted as the streets. No one laughed.
“Life is better once you get home, if you have a family that is. The cameras can’t see you indoors.”
A few blocks from her apartment, a nondescript woman appeared on a screen on the edge of a building. Her cool voice was amplified through the streets. “One thousand people died in an explosion in the Alps trying to fulfill a shipment of pure air for our dear god Theo. Please pray that he forgives their incompetence and accepts their souls to his kingdom. Back to work.”
Sarah snorted. “Typical”.
“Sarah – I had no clue.”
“Of course you didn’t. The only gods who know about this are on the ones on the council.”
I watched Sarah walk ahead of me, leading me to her worn down apartment. I kept talking with her. Despite the depressing conversation, my goal was to induce one of her rare smiles that made her eyes sparkle. I liked being with Sarah; I felt alive.
When we got to her apartment, without thinking, I blurted out, “Sarah, let me work the mines with you.”
She thought I was crazy. Maybe I was. But, with the same passive acceptance as when she let me take her hand in Hawaii, she said okay.
 We worked together in the mines by day. And by night we snuck out and explored Earth in the misty rain beneath the stars.
“It’s not illegal to have fun, right?” I winked at her, the dust of a days work washing off in the rain.
   “Not if you don’t run into any Jumpers”.
Some nights we ran around the city. We would peer around corners of street to make sure there were no Jumpers before we skipped through the wet streets, our laughter following close behind. Other nights we left San Francisco and slept in the woods listening to a private chorus of grasshoppers. Slowly we fell in love. Me, with her blue eyes, and smile. And her – well, with me just because I was someone to love.
One night Sarah took my hand and whispered in my ear “Let me show you something.” With a big smile on her face, took me to the Grand Canyon. There we made love beneath the stars and the moon. The warm mist was a translucent blanket, tucking us in beneath a glowing sky. She fell asleep next to me. I stayed awake all night, listening to the slow rhythm of her breath.
Then the statues started showing up.
Sixty-foot statues of myself began appearing in San Francisco. There I was, with a sarcastic smile sitting in the pose of the Thinker. I nearly vomited. Bowing down to myself on my way to work was nearly unbearable.
Then came the announcement at the mines. The director of mining, a burly, balding man gathered all the workers together. A handful of Jumpers stood next to him.
His voice was scratchy as if he didn’t get much sleep. “We have a big shipment due in six months. Ten tons of diamonds are needed, for Aiden’s new skyscraper. Anyone who doesn’t return one pound of diamonds per week for the next month will be… terminated.”
The crowd murmured in disbelief. My world spun. One pound. That was unheard of. I hadn’t even mined that much in the six months I had been on Earth. I reached for Sarah’s hand. It wasn’t there.
“You should have let me die in the Hotel, Aiden.” Her voice was small, and afraid.
   I ran outside and actually vomited this time. Why didn’t Pablo stop me! He knew what my request would do. Sarah’s words rung around my head. Do you know what it is like to have everyone you love die?
   I stood in the pouring rain outside, staring at the sky. This is just a dream. I’m just moving in slow motion – I’ve never loved anyone and never will. A few months on Disk and no one will remember me. I shaved my goatee, and ran up to the nearest Jumper.
“I’m Aiden! Take me back!! Take me back!!!”

* * *
I sat in my room, I don’t know for how long. Maybe a week, maybe a month. Sarah was dead now. I stared at a picture of her I had left in my wallet.
* * *
My first memory is from my third birthday. We had chocolate cake, but it didn’t have any eggs so it came out as hard as a rock. I asked where my mom was, but that just made men come over and plop more cake in front of me. “Happy Birthday, Alex”. They said she named me after my father.
* * *
My resort arrived this week.
* * *
I started school at age seven. Everyone told me how important it was. It was the only way to get to Disk. It was the only way I would be able to meet my father.
* * *
I sat in the skyscraper with clowns and laughed. For next two weeks I would climb another floor, and laugh some more.
* * *
By middle school, the kids knew god Aiden fathered me. Our resemblance was undeniable. They despised me for it. The called me Disko, and asked if I would turn their water into wine. The worst was when there was a Jumper nearby. And then all the kids would swarm around me, just enough sarcasm hidden in their voices to hurt me even more than the insults did.
* * *
The next two weeks I drove my hovercraft around in circles.
* * *
I am fifteen. Six more years until the AI test. I liked to do my homework next to the ocean. The rain doesn’t seem so oppressive there.

* * *
I spent the next month on a hill with the druggies. It is nice not being able to think.

* * *
On my 21st birthday, I passed the Advanced Intelligence test. The highest scores since Pablo Feducci. I will be enrolling in school at Disk in three weeks. I am going to meet my father.

* * *

“Dad?” Alex whispered.
Aiden had a glazed look on his face. He held a needle full of heroin in his hands, about to inject himself. He dropped the needle doing a double take. The man standing there was in his twenties and looked just like himself. Alex ran towards Aiden and hugged him. Aiden didn’t move his arms.
Alex started spitting out words to a glazed Aiden. “Mom made it through the mining… She had me eight months after you left. She died in childbirth. I spent all my time studying. I passed the Advanced Intelligence test. I’m going to school on Disk! But most importantly we can be together now.”
“Let me show you something.” Aiden wrapped a shaking hand around Alex’s shoulder. Aiden took him to the pool of his resort.
They looked down into the water. Fish. Hundreds of colorful, carefree fish. The sharks were above them separated by a sheet of glass. After another layer of glass there were the dolphins, and last, separated again, was the walrus on top of them all.
“You see those fish? It is our job to keep them safe. The sharks want to eat them because they have no choice; the dolphins secretly do as well, even though they are more concerned with swimming in circles. Then there is the walrus. I bet he could eat them all himself.”
 Crying, Aiden jumped into the pool.  Aiden enjoyed the feeling of moving in slow motion. He looked down, past the walrus, past the dolphins, past the sharks, to the beautiful, beautiful fish.